
Explore the World's Protected Areas
 Legal
Use of this site is governed by the following terms and conditions
Introduction
Access to Data and any other content within the World Database on Protected and Conserved Areas (the “WDPCA Materials") and the Global Database on Protected Area Management Effectiveness (the “GD-PAME Materials”) as made available through the ProtectedPlanet.net website is provided on the understanding that you read and consent to be bound to the Terms and Conditions set out below. For the purposes of this Agreement WDPCA data comprise all the spatial data and associated attribute data contained within the WDPCA and made available through ProtectedPlanet.net. and the GD-PAME data comprise all the attribute data and PAME assessments contained within the GD-PAME and made available through ProtectedPlanet.net.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT DOWNLOAD. BY DOWNLOADING THE WDPCA AND GD-PAME MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE ON PROTECTEDPLANET.NET YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW.
No Commercial Use
Neither (a) the WDPCA Materials and the GD-PAME Materials nor (b) any work derived from or based upon the WDPCA Materials and the GD-PAME Materials (“Derivative Works") may be put to Commercial Use without the prior written permission of UNEP-WCMC. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Commercial Use" means a) any use by, on behalf of, or to inform or assist the activities of, a commercial entity (an entity that operates 'for profit') or b) use by any individual or non-profit entity for the purposes of revenue generation. For commercial uses, please go to the IBAT website: https://www.ibat-alliance.org/.
For the avoidance of doubt, UNEP-WCMC reserves the right to determine whether a particular use of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials constitutes a Commercial Use or otherwise.
No Sub-licensing or Redistribution of WDPCA and GD-PAME Data
The WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials may not be sub-licensed in whole or in part including within Derivative Works without the prior written permission of UNEP-WCMC. You may not redistribute the WDPCA and GD-PAME Data contained in the WDPCA and GD-PAME in whole or in part by any means including (but not limited to) electronic formats such as web downloads, through web services, through interactive web maps (including mobile applications) that grant users download access, KML Files or through file transfer protocols. If you know of others who wish to use the WDPCA and GD-PAME Data please refer them to ProtectedPlanet.net. If you wish to provide a service through which the WDPCA and GD-PAME Data are downloadable or otherwise made available for redistribution you must contact [email protected] for permission and further guidance.
Publishing the WDPCA and GD-PAME
You may publish the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials in whole or in part, including on-line, providing (a) the WDPCA and GD-PAME Data are not downloadable and (b) the proper attribution is clearly visible (see 'Attribution' below). You must ensure that the most recently available version of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials are being used and that the month and year of release is visible in the published version. WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials published online, including through mobile applications, must provide a clear link to the original on-line source of the WDPCA and GD-PAME at Protected Planet (www.protectedplanet.net). We strongly recommend that you have the relevant materials reviewed by UNEP-WCMC prior to publication. We require two free copies of all published materials to be provided to UNEP-WCMC. Hard copies should be sent to Nature Conserved Programme, UNEP-WCMC, 219 Huntingdon Road, Cambridge CB3 0DL, UK. Electronic copies should be sent to [email protected].
 Attribution
You must ensure that one of the following citations is always clearly reproduced in any publication or analysis involving the Protected Planet Materials in any derived form or format: Use this citation for any downloads of Protected Planet Materials from ProtectedPlanet.net:
 UNEP-WCMC and IUCN (year), Protected Planet: [insert name of component database; The World Database on Protected and Conserved Areas (WDPCA)/The Global Database on Protected Areas Management Effectiveness (GD-PAME)] [On-line], [insert month/year of the version downloaded], Cambridge, UK: UNEP-WCMC and IUCN. Available at: www.protectedplanet.net.
WDPCA Updates and GD-PAME Updates
Unless required to do so for specific analyses, you should not use any version of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials after it has been superseded by a subsequent version. It is your responsibility to check if an update of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials is available.
No Warranty and Waiver of Liability
While every reasonable effort is made to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the datasets, the WDPCA and GD-PAME are provided to you “as is", and no warranty of any kind is given as to its completeness or accuracy, nor do we make any commitment to ensure that the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials are kept up to date. All warranties, representations and conditions, express or implied, are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. You agree that you download and make use of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials entirely at your own risk. You hereby waive and release UN Environment Programme, IUCN, WCMC and any third-party providers of WDPCA and GD-PAME data from any liability whatsoever, wherever and howsoever arising in connection with any use of the WDPCA and GD-PAME. You agree that this waiver and release is effective in any and every jurisdiction in the world. You agree that UN Environment Programme, IUCN, WCMC and any and all third-party providers of WDPCA and GD-PAME data will not be liable on any grounds (including without limitation negligence, strict liability or under any other legal theory) for any loss or damage (direct or indirect) incurred by you or any third party as a result of the use by you or any third party of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials or any Derivative Works. You also agree to indemnify and hold harmless UN Environment Programme, IUCN, WCMC and any and all third-party providers of WDPCA and GD-PAME data in respect of any loss or damage (direct or indirect) suffered by any third party as a result of any use by that third party of any WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials or Derivative Works published by you. Without limitation to the above, any damage occurring to computer systems as a result of attempts to download WDPCA and GD-PAME data is entirely your own responsibility.
If the User is dissatisfied with any Material on this Site or with any of its Terms and Conditions of Use the User's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site. This Site may contain links and references to third-party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of UN Environment Programme, IUCN or WCMC and UN Environment Programme, IUCN or WCMC are not responsible for, nor do they endorse, any of their content.
Disclaimer
The contents of this website do not necessarily reflect the views or policies of UN Environment Programme, IUCN, WCMC nor any third-party providers of WDPCA and GD-PAME data.
The designations employed and the presentations of material on this website and on the maps that are made available through it do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations, UN Environment Programme, IUCN, WCMC or contributory organisations, editors or publishers concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries or the designation of its name, frontiers or boundaries.
The mention of a commercial entity or product in this publication does not imply endorsement by UN Environment Programme, IUCN or WCMC.
Feedback and Revised Information
In order to keep the WDPCA and GD-PAME up to date, UN Environment Programme and IUCN would like you to provide feedback on the quality, reliability and accuracy of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials. We also welcome revised information on the WDPCA in the form of GIS data. Such contributions should be free of restrictions. The objective is to improve the WDPCA and GD-PAME content for the benefit of the global conservation community. To provide feedback on ProtectedPlanet please use the feedback forum on www.protectedplanet.net. For general queries related to the WDPCA and GD-PAME and/or the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials please contact [email protected]. For information on providing data to UNEP-WCMC for updating the WDPCA and GD-PAME, please contact [email protected].
No Grant of Intellectual Property Rights
No rights in the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials are granted to you by virtue of these Terms and Conditions or as a result of any use by you of the WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials. Neither UN Environment Programme nor IUCN assert any intellectual property rights in the data that is made available by third party data providers for inclusion in the WDPCA and GD-PAME. However, all intellectual property rights in the database itself are the property of UN Environment Programme and IUCN.
Dispute Resolution, Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed by UNEP-WCMC. Should attempts at amicable negotiation fail, any such dispute shall, upon request by either you or UNEP-WCMC, be referred to arbitration in accordance with the UNCITRAL arbitration rules then prevailing.
Communication
Any communication with respect to these Terms and Conditions and any issue arising from them shall be in writing, in English, and sent by email. The address for communication with the WDPCA and GD-PAME supplier is [email protected].
Take-down policy
UNEP-WCMC operates a 'take-down' policy, such that if notified of a potential breach of copyright, or other reasonable notice of a possible violation (including but not limited to copyright, patent, intellectual property, trademark, confidentiality, data protection, obscenity, terrorism, defamation or libel), the complete document or dataset or relevant portion will be removed as quickly as possible pending further investigation. Where the grounds for complaint are considered to be valid, the complete document or dataset or relevant portion will be permanently withdrawn. A decision on whether the material may be made available again may take some time if it is necessary for UNEP-WCMC to seek the advice necessary to resolve the complaint.
Preservation of immunities
Nothing herein shall constitute or be considered to be a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of the United Nations, which are specifically reserved.
General
UN Environment Programme reserves its exclusive right in its sole discretion to alter, limit or discontinue the Site or any Materials in any respect. UN Environment Programme shall have no obligation to take the needs of any User into consideration in connection therewith. UN Environment Programme reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice.
Privacy
By accessing this site, certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, navigation through the Site, the software used and the time spent, along with other similar information, will be stored on servers operated by UN Environment Programme or its affiliates. These will not specifically identify the User. The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis. If the User provides unique identifying information, such as name, address and other information on forms stored on this Site, such information will be used only for statistical purposes and will not be published for general access. UN Environment Programme, however, assumes no responsibility for the security of this information.
Changes To These Terms And Conditions
UN Environment Programme and IUCN reserves the right to vary these Terms and Conditions from time to time without notice. Therefore please ensure that you read these Terms and Conditions each time you download WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials. By downloading WDPCA and GD-PAME Materials you signify your acceptance of the most recent version of these Terms and Conditions in full.
 News & Stories
 View all
 Updated
 Protected Planet Report 2024
 Tracking progress towards global targets for protected and conserved areas.
 Explore Report
 Explore
 Resources
 OECMs
 WDPA
 General Info
 About
 Legal
 Follow us
 Get in touch
 [email protected]
 ©ProtectedPlanet 2014-2026. All rights reserved
