
Philippines - Global School-Based Student Health Survey 2019
 NCD Microdata Repository
 An Online Microdata Catalog
 Home
 Microdata Catalog
 Citations
 Login 
 Login
 Home /
 Central Data Catalog /
 GSHS /
 PHL_2019_GSHS_V01
 Global School-Based Student Health Survey 2019
 Philippines, 2019
 Get Microdata 
 Reference ID 
 PHL_2019_GSHS_v01 
 Producer(s) 
 Department of Health 
 Collections 
 Global School-based Student Health Survey
 Metadata 
 DDI/XML
 JSON
 Created on 
 Dec 14, 2023
 Last modified 
 Dec 14, 2023
 Page views 
 159412
 Downloads 
 5948
 Study Description
 Data Dictionary
 Downloads
 Get Microdata 
Terms and conditions
 The data and other materials provided by the WHO NCD Microdata Repository will not
 be redistributed or sold to other individuals, institutions, or organizations
 without the written agreement of the WHO NCD Microdata Repository. 
 The data will be used for statistical and scientific research purposes only. They will be used solely for reporting of aggregated information, and not for
 investigation of specific individuals or organizations.
 No attempt will be made to re-identify respondents, and no use will be made
 of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently. Any
 such discovery would immediately be reported to the WHO NCD Microdata Repository.
 No attempt will be made to produce links among datasets provided by the
 WHO NCD Microdata Repository, or among data from the WHO NCD Microdata Repository and other
 datasets that could identify individuals or organizations.
 Any books, articles, conference papers, theses, dissertations, reports, or other
 publications that employ data obtained from the WHO NCD Microdata Repository will cite
 the source of data in accordance with the Citation Requirement provided with each
 dataset.
 An electronic copy of all reports and publications based on the requested
 data will be sent to the WHO NCD Microdata Repository.
 The original collector of the data, the WHO NCD Microdata Repository, and the
 relevant funding agencies bear no responsibility for use of the data or for
 interpretations or inferences based upon such uses.
By continuing past this point to the data retrieval process, you signify your
 agreement to comply with the above-stated terms and conditions and give your
 assurance that the use of statistical data obtained from the WHO NCD Microdata Repository
 will conform to widely-accepted standards of practice and legal
 restrictions that are intended to protect the confidentiality of respondents.
 Back to Catalog
 NCD Microdata Repository 
 ©
 NCD Microdata Repository, All Rights Reserved.
